the accusation is the excessive
Peace break and seduction of one
she was hardly a novice novice
cassano he was famous since
most notorious women's hero with the longest
register of conquests the best known
Lover of the world finally meets one
woman who is just worthy of him
Franziska Boni
she was the most brilliant and popular
Writer of her time so only what
conception of love falls daily one
Wife to the victim the last man to you
would give her love
I only respect the man who
faithful to his wife he has virtuous
in love with her
francesco bruni she agreed everything
I despise that could be interesting
hopefully touchstone pictures
not so thoroughly messed up what do you have
told
and the director of chocolat den
bred inquisitor of the pope
after I'm here for giacomo casanova
to arrest present a movie
about a man who risks everything i
Got venice cannes venice
I do not expect to leave yet
someone around you to become one
woman has always wished i show them
a world like you have never seen before
Let's start with that as the sky
a piece closer
I love you francesca
Now is time to act
heath ledger
sienna miller and oscar winner
jeremy irons is oliver flat and
lena olin given true love
who is too deep at the Swiss value yet
the team in blackpool
Casanova